Overhaul of contributing to match current practices (#1882)
cyclus/cyclus: CONTRIBUTING.rst

two branches: ``main`` and ``work``

Acquiring Cyclus and Workflow
-----------------------------

We begin with a fork of the mainline Cyclus repository. After initially forking
the repo, we will have the ``main`` branch in your fork.

Acquiring a Fork of the Cyclus Repository
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

A fork is *your* copy of Cyclus. Github offers an excellent `tutorial
<https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/fork-a-repo>`_
on how to create a fork and then setup your local development evnironment with
remote connections to both the ``upstream`` repository at ``cyclus/cyclus`` and
your fork of this repository referred to as ``origin``.

First, let's make our ``work`` branch.  Assuming that you are in the ``cyclus`` directory:
::
    $ git branch work
    $ git push origin work

We now have the following situation: there exists the mainline copy of the ``main``
branch, there exists your fork's copy of the ``main`` and ``work`` branches,
*AND* there exists your *local* copy of the ``main`` and ``work`` branches. 

Workflow
^^^^^^^^

Now, for the workflow! This is by no means the only way to perform this type of

> workflow, but we assume that you wish to handle conflicts as often as possible

Reviewer: Wouldn't we want conflicts as little as possible? Maybe I don't understand what constitutes "handling a conflict"

(so as to keep their total number small). 

As time passes, you make some changes to files, and you commit those changes (to
your *local ``work`` branch*). Eventually (hopefully) you come to a stopping
point where you have finished your project on your ``work`` branch *AND* it
compiles *AND* it runs input files correctly *AND* it passes all tests! Perhaps
you have found Nirvana. 

Over this time, it is possible that the ``main`` branch into which you are
proposing your pull request has advanced with other changes. In order to make
sure your ``work`` branch remains up to date, you will want to periodically

> rebase your ``work`` branch onto the ``upstream/main`` branch.  This will
> process will reapply all of the changes you have made on top of the most

Reviewer 2: > "This will process will reapply"
```suggestion
rebase your ``work`` branch onto the ``upstream/main`` branch.  This
process will reapply all of the changes you have made on top of the most
```

up-to-date version of the ``upstream/main`` branch.  Even if you have not been
doing this regularly, you'll want to do it before you initiate a pull request.
::

  $ git checkout main
  $ git pull upstream main
  $ git checkout work
  $ git rebase main

>   $ git push origin work

Reviewer: Any reason we took out the `git push origin main` after pulling from upstream?

> Note: you may need to force the push of the rebased ``work`` branch to your fork.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: you may need to force the push of the rebased ``work`` branch to your fork (i.e., `git push -f origin work`).
```

> In any case, you've performed the final commit to your ``work`` branch, so it's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've performed the final commit to your ``work`` branch, so it's
```

Author: this needs more grammar tweaking...

time to make a pull request online and wait for our main friends to review and
accept it.  

Sometimes, your pull request will be held by the reviewer until
further changes are made to appease the reviewer's concerns. This may be

> frustrating, but please act rationally, discuss the issues on the GitHub space

Reviewer: ```suggestion
frustrating, but please act rationally; discuss the issues on the GitHub space
```

Introduction
------------

As this type of workflow can be complicated, an example is provided.

For the sake of simplicity, let us assume that we want a single "sandbox" branch
in which we would like to work, i.e. where we can store all of our work that may not
yet pass tests or even compile, but where we also want to save our progress. Let us
call this branch ``work``. So, when all is said and done, in our fork there will be
two branches: ``main`` and ``work``

> Acquiring Cyclus and Workflow
> -----------------------------
> 
> We begin with a fork of the mainline Cyclus repository. After initially forking

Reviewer: ```suggestion

We begin with a fork of the mainline Cyclus repository. After initially forking
```
I'm not sure we need this section title. It feels unnecessary to me.

<https://cyclus-nuclear.slack.com>`_ for further advice, and make changes to
your ``work`` branch accordingly. The pull request will be updated with those
changes when you push them to your fork. When you think your request is ready
for another review, you can reopen the review yourself with the button made
available to you.

Synchronizing across multiple computers
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
You may wish to work on different computers over time, sometime on your laptop
and other times on a desktop at the office. If you keep your fork's branches up
to date (i.e., "push" your changes before you leave), only your *local* copies
of your branches may be different when you next sit down at the other location.

Let us imagine that you have been at the office, finished, and successfully
pushed your changes to your ``origin`` repository. You are now at home and want
to continue working a bit on your laptop. To begin, let's update our *laptop's
local branches*
::
  $ git checkout work
  $ git pull origin work

This may also be a good time to ensure your ``work`` branch is up-to-date with the 
``upstream/main`` branch
::

>   $ git chekout main
>   $ git pull upstream main
>   $ git checkout work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  $ git chekout main
  $ git pull upstream main
  $ git push origin main
  $ git checkout work
```
I think we should encourage pushing to your fork's main anytime you pull from upstream.
